.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH Kraken 1 "October 2012"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
kraken-desktop \- Kraken's desktop provider
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kraken-desktop
.RI [ options ] " URIs" ...
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B kraken-desktop
command.
.PP
Kraken is the file manager for the Cinnamon desktop.
.br
.SH OPTIONS
Kraken-desktop follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long options starting
with two dashes (`-'). A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-\-debug
Enable debugging code.  Example usage: 'NEMO_DEBUG=Desktop,Actions kraken-desktop --debug'.  Use NEMO_DEBUG=all for more topics.
.TP
.B \-\-quit
Quit Kraken.
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show a summary of options.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Show Kraken's version.
.TP
Other standard GNOME options not listed here are also supported.

.SH NOTE ON THE ROOT USER
Ordinarily, kraken and kraken-desktop treat being run as the root user as special, with certain
restrictions and UI changes. This behavior can be bypassed via a gsettings key. You can use
the following command to enable/disable this override:

gsettings set org.kraken.preferences treat-root-as-normal true|false

.SH BUG REPORTS
Please report bugs and feature requests here: https://github.com/linuxmint/kraken

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was originally written for Nautilus by Takuo KITAME <kitame@debian.org> and Dafydd
Harries <daf@muse.19inch.net> for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used
by others).
