.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH Kraken 1 "October 2012"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
kraken \- the Cinnamon File Manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kraken
.RI [ options ] " URIs" ...
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B kraken
command.
.PP
Kraken is the file manager for the Cinnamon desktop.
.br
.SH OPTIONS
Kraken follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long options starting
with two dashes (`-'). A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-g
.TP
.B \-\-geometry=\fIGEOMETRY\fR
Create the initial window with the given geometry.
.TP
\fB\-t
.TP
.B \-\-tabs\fR
Open URIs in tabs.
.TP
.B \-\-existing-window\fR
Open URIs in an existing window.
.TP
.B \-n
.TP
.B \-\-no-default-window
Only create windows for explicitly specified URIs.
.TP
.B \-\-fix-cache
Repair the user thumbnail cache - this can be useful if you're having trouble
with file thumbnails.  Must be run as root.
.TP
.B \-\-debug
Enable debugging code.  Example usage: 'NEMO_DEBUG=Actions kraken --debug'.  Use NEMO_DEBUG=all for more topics.
.TP
.B \-q
.TP
.B \-\-quit
Quit Kraken.
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show a summary of options.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Show Kraken's version.
.TP
Other standard GNOME options not listed here are also supported.

.SH NOTE ON THE ROOT USER
Ordinarily, kraken and kraken-desktop treat being run as the root user as special, with certain
restrictions and UI changes. This behavior can be bypassed via a gsettings key. You can use
the following command to enable/disable this override:

gsettings set org.kraken.preferences treat-root-as-normal true|false

.SH BUG REPORTS
Please report bugs and feature requests here: https://github.com/linuxmint/kraken

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was originally written for Nautilus by Takuo KITAME <kitame@debian.org> and Dafydd
Harries <daf@muse.19inch.net> for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used
by others).
